lateralorbitofrontal frontal
parsorbitalis frontal
frontalpole frontal
medialorbitofrontal frontal
parstriangularis frontal
parsopercularis frontal
rostralmiddlefrontal frontal
superiorfrontal frontal
caudalmiddlefrontal frontal
precentral frontal
paracentral paracentral(notlobe)
rostralanteriorcingulate limbic
caudalanteriorcingulate limbic
posteriorcingulate limbic
isthmuscingulate limbic
postcentral parietal
supramarginal parietal
superiorparietal parietal
inferiorparietal parietal
precuneus parietal
cuneus occipital
pericalcarine parietal
lateraloccipital occipital
lingual occipital
fusiform fusiform(notlobe)
parahippocampal limbic
entorhinal temporal
temporalpole temporal
inferiortemporal temporal
middletemporal temporal
bankssts temporal
superiortemporal temporal
transversetemporal temporal
insula insula
thalamusproper thalamus
caudate basalganglia
putamen basalganglia
pallidum basalganglia
accumbensarea basalganglia
hippocampus limbic
amygdala limbic
brainstem brainstem
